on an all-new thursday night impact one
night one match one epic battle for the
TNA World title the instant classic
Christian cage and the war machine Rhino
take on TNA World Heavyweight Champion
Kurt Angle one match for the entire hour
only one man will be left standing this
is the one impact you can't miss TNA
Impact thursday at nine on Spidey this
edition of TNA today is brought to you
by hot topic now featuring a full line
of TNA apparel nationwide hot topic and
by TNA mobile the place for all of the
latest breaking TNA news alerts TNA
wallpapers and TNA ringtones TNA mobile
and now your host Jeremy Jeremy barats
and we're in Cape Cod
witnessing TNA wrestling alive and I
tell you what are you guys enjoying
yourselves here tonight at TNA wrestling
well I think that's a yes let's
introduce some hometown gal show you
want to meet them all right what is your
name Harry this is Carrie and your name
Larissa and your name Karen and these
guys are sporting the brand new TNA
t-shirts give a round of applause and
they're available at TNA wrestling com
thank you very much gals we do preciate
alright we are taking it on the road
where and New England all weekend long
fans don't forget every single person I
on impacts you can see great accent
infest of all you can see the loudest
fans in the world
you